Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
container-0              		TIMED_WAITING   5       	Normal
http-nio-8080-exec-1     		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-2     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-3     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-4     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-5     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-6     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-7     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-8     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-9     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-10    		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-ClientPoller      RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-Acceptor   		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-BlockPoller       RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Catalina-utility-1       		TIMED_WAITING   1       	Normal
Catalina-utility-2       		WAITING         1       	Normal
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread1    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#Reactive Mongo
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
container-0              		TIMED_WAITING   5       	Normal
http-nio-8080-exec-1     		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-2     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-3     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-4     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-5     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-6     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-7     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-8     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-9     		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-exec-10    		WAITING         5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-ClientPoller      RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-Acceptor   		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
http-nio-8080-BlockPoller       RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-138               		TIMED_WAITING   5       	Daemon
Thread-134               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-133               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-132               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-129               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-130               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-135               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-137               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-131               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Thread-136               		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
cluster-ClusterId{value='5f12e74cf12f3a4f0c69cf6a', description='null'}-localhost:27017          TIMED_WAITING   5       Daemon
Catalina-utility-1       		TIMED_WAITING   1       	Normal
Catalina-utility-2       		WAITING         1       	Normal
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5      	 	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal