Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread1    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#WebClient
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-4       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-5       		RUNNABLE        5      	 	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-6       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-7       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-8       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#Reactive Mongo
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5      	 	Daemon
nioEventLoopGroup-3-1    		RUNNABLE        10      	Normal
nioEventLoopGroup-3-2    		RUNNABLE        10      	Normal
cluster-ClusterId{value='5f12e56dfe678b357fd9ee80', description='null'}-localhost:27017          TIMED_WAITING   5       Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#Reactive Kafka
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
nioEventLoopGroup-3-1    		RUNNABLE        10      	Normal
kafka-producer-network-thread | producer-1       RUNNABLE        5       Daemon
single-1                 		WAITING         5       	Daemon
reactive-kafka-my-group-1       BLOCKED         5       	Daemon
parallel-1               		TIMED_WAITING   5       	Daemon
parallel-2               		WAITING         5       	Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#WebClient with Scheduler
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-4       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-5       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-6       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-7       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-8       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
nioEventLoopGroup-3-1    		RUNNABLE        10      	Normal
boundedElastic-evictor-1        TIMED_WAITING   5       	Daemon
MyThreadGroup-1          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal

#RxJava with Scheduler
Thread Name						State			Priority	Type
server                   		WAITING         5       	Normal
reactor-http-nio-1       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-2       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
reactor-http-nio-3       		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
nioEventLoopGroup-3-1    		RUNNABLE        10      	Normal
RxCachedWorkerPoolEvictor-1     TIMED_WAITING   5       	Daemon
RxSchedulerPurge-1       		TIMED_WAITING   5       	Daemon
Reference Handler        		RUNNABLE        10      	Daemon
Signal Dispatcher        		RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
Attach Listener          		RUNNABLE        5       	Daemon
Common-Cleaner           		TIMED_WAITING   8       	Daemon
Finalizer                		WAITING         8       	Daemon
JVMCI-native CompilerThread0    RUNNABLE        9       	Daemon
DestroyJavaVM            		RUNNABLE        5       	Normal